doc: llext: improve documentation for the llext subsystem (#75126)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/services/llext/build.rst

headers and compiler flags used by the main Zephyr application, since they have
a direct impact on how Zephyr headers are interpreted and the extension is
compiled in general.

This can be achieved by asking Zephyr to generate an Extension Development Kit
(EDK) from the build artifacts of the main Zephyr application, by running the
following command which uses the ``llext-edk`` target:

.. code-block:: shell

    west build -t llext-edk

The generated EDK can be found in the build directory under the ``zephyr``
directory. It's a tarball that contains the headers and compile flags needed
to build extensions. The extension developer can then include the headers
and use the compile flags in their build system to build the extension.

Compile flags
-------------

Convenience files ``cmake.cflags`` (for CMake based projects) and
``Makefile.cflags`` (for Make-based ones) are provided by the EDK containing
the needed compile flags. The main one is ``LLEXT_CFLAGS``, which contains the
flags needed to build an extension. Also provided is a granular set of flags
that can be used in support of different use cases, such as when building mocks
for unit tests. The provided flags are:

> - ``LLEXT_CFLAGS``: Flags needed to build an extension.
> - ``LLEXT_ALL_INCLUDE_CFLAGS``: Include flags needed to include all headers.
> - ``LLEXT_INCLUDE_CFLAGS``: Include flags for non build generated headers.
> - ``LLEXT_GENERATED_INCLUDE_CFLAGS``: Include flags for build generated headers.
> - ``LLEXT_BASE_CFLAGS``: All other flags needed to build an extension,
>   excluding the include flags.
> - ``LLEXT_GENERATED_IMACROS_CFLAGS``: Include only ``-imacros`` flags for build
>   generated headers.

Reviewer: This part is a bit difficult to understand as currently written.
After looking at a generated `cmake.cflags`, proposal:
```suggestion
- ``LLEXT_INCLUDE_CFLAGS``: Compiler flags to add non-build-generated headers in include search directories.
- ``LLEXT_GENERATED_INCLUDE_CFLAGS``: Compiler flags to add build-generated headers in include search directories.
- ``LLEXT_ALL_INCLUDE_CFLAGS``: Compiler flags to add all headers in include search directories. (Combination of ``LLEXT_INCLUDE_CFLAGS`` and ``LLEXT_GENERATED_INCLUDE_CFLAGS``)
- ``LLEXT_GENERATED_IMACROS_CFLAGS``: Compiler flags for build-generated headers that must be ``-imacros``-included.
- ``LLEXT_BASE_CFLAGS``: Compiler flags that configure the compiler to emit proper code for the extension. (Note: none of these flags edit the include search directories)
- ``LLEXT_CFLAGS``: All flags required to build an extension. Combination of ``LLEXT_ALL_INCLUDE_CFLAGS``, ``LLEXT_GENERATED_IMACROS_CFLAGS`` and ``LLEXT_BASE_CFLAGS``.
```

Sidenote: if my understanding is correct, the `cmake.cflags` could be simplified to e.g. `set(LLEXT_CFLAGS ${LLEXT_BASE_CFLAGS} ${LLEXT_ALL_INCLUDE_CFLAGS} ${LLEXT_GENERATED_IMACROS_CFLAGS})`? out-of-scope for this PR
